class_02_sinusoidal/plan.md, before:

## Setup
- None

## 10 - 10:30
- Talk about overtones. Play the video of different instruments with different overtone series
- Play the goofy examples with "rice in bowls"
- Watch the artikulation video, watch another video

## 10:30 - 11
- Make a vanilla sine object
- Connect it to an ezdac, talk about sound on/off in Max
- Various ways of looking at a sine
- Enveloping with line~, dollar notation

## 11:00 - 11:05 BREAK

# 11:05 - 12:00
- ADSR and the envelope in general, samples of violin versus bell
- Preset object for different envelopes
- Harmonic versus inharmonic sounds examples
- Building an additive synthesizer using multislider, a multiply and a pack-unpack

# 12:00 - 12:05 BREAK

# 12:05 - 12:30
- Look at the "cool weird" stuff, including the interpolating additive synth
- Worst techno ever
- Detuning

# 12:30 - 1 Lab 2
- First extend the additive synthesizer that we built, make it use 8 harmonics and play it by pressing spacebar
- Pick three instruments (piano, clarinet, violin is a good selection) and try to find a preset that sounds like each.

Commit message:

Tweaks to some patchers, added the in class patchers from the fisrt day

class_02_sinusoidal/plan.md, after:

## Setup
- Quick review, talk about the most important objects from yesterday which were route, gate and select

## 10 - 10:30
- Talk about overtones. Play the video of different instruments with different overtone series
- Look at some examples of different instruments from the audacity file
- Play the goofy examples with "rice in bowls"
- Watch the artikulation video, watch another video

## 10:30 - 11
- Make a vanilla sine object
- Connect it to an ezdac, talk about sound on/off in Max
- Various ways of looking at a sine
- Enveloping with line~, dollar notation

## 11:00 - 11:05 BREAK

# 11:05 - 12:00
- ADSR and the envelope in general, samples of violin versus bell
- Preset object for different envelopes
- Harmonic versus inharmonic sounds examples
- Building an additive synthesizer using multislider, a multiply and a pack-unpack

# 12:00 - 12:05 BREAK

# 12:05 - 12:30
- Look at the "cool weird" stuff, including the interpolating additive synth
- Worst techno ever
- Detuning

# 12:30 - 1 Lab 2
- First extend the additive synthesizer that we built, make it use 8 harmonics and play it by pressing spacebar
- Pick three instruments (piano, clarinet, violin is a good selection) and try to find a preset that sounds like each.
