class_03_midi_mapping/plan.md, before:

## Setup
- Make sure everyone has a MIDI controller

## 2 - 2:30
- Watch a "cool stuff in Max" video, just to settle in
- Quick review of the stuff we talked about yesterday.
- Mouse mapping. Use the mousestate object along with a scale object to make a wave machine
- Difference between white, pink and brown noise (also rand~ noise for fun)
- Different kinds of noise on each axis
- If there's time, add a key / keyup pair to make it playable

## 2:30 - 3
- MIDI. How to get MIDI in using the [midiin] object
- midiparse to split it to bits
- midiformat to return it to midi
- Difference between control change and note events
- Send + receive + prepend + route
- Play a note using the MIDI controller

## 3 - 3:05 BREAK

## 3:05 - 3:30
- Simple stuff that you can build using a MIDI controller
- Turn something on and off by pressing a note
- Send a range of notes to a particular place
- Scale a value like frequency according to an exponent other than 1 (and why you'd want to do this)

## 3:30 - 4
- Make the timbral adjuster together (one dial can drive multiple things at once)

# 4 - 4:05 BREAK

# Remaining Time: LAB
- Simple: Classic monophonic synthesizer. Knobs to control attack, decay, sustain and release.
- Harder: Same, but add a control for pitch bend and (if you know how) tremolo
- Impossible: Add knobs to mix together different timbres. Try for example sliding between a harmonic and an inharmonic timbre with a single knob.

Commit message:

Tweaks to some patchers, added the in class patchers from the fisrt day

class_03_midi_mapping/plan.md, after:

## Setup
- Make sure everyone has a MIDI controller

## 2 - 2:30
- Watch a "cool stuff in Max" video, just to settle in
- Quick review of the stuff we talked about yesterday.
- Mouse mapping. Use the mousestate object along with a scale object to make a wave machine
- Difference between white, pink and brown noise (also rand~ noise for fun)
- Different kinds of noise on each axis
- If there's time, add a key / keyup pair to make it playable

## 2:30 - 3
- MIDI. How to get MIDI in using the [midiin] object
- midiparse to split it to bits
- midiformat to return it to midi
- Difference between control change and note events
- Send + receive + prepend + route
- Play a note using the MIDI controller

## 3 - 3:05 BREAK

## 3:05 - 3:30
- Simple stuff that you can build using a MIDI controller
- Turn something on and off by pressing a note
- Send a range of notes to a particular place
- Scale a value like frequency according to an exponent other than 1 (and why you'd want to do this)

## 3:30 - 4
- Make the timbral adjuster together (one dial can drive multiple things at once)

# 4 - 4:05 BREAK

# Remaining Time: LAB
- Simple: Classic monophonic synthesizer. Knobs to control attack, decay, sustain and release.
- Harder: Same, but add a control for pitch bend and (if you know how) tremolo
- Still harder: Add knobs to mix together different timbres. Try for example sliding between a harmonic and an inharmonic timbre with a single knob.
- Very hard: How will you handle voice stealing? One thing you can do is implement glissando (a smooth transition to the next pitch) from the previously held note. Much trickier would be to implement arpeggiation amound all held notes.
